Wireframe logic

Execute the program:

When tue user opens the platform there'll be a welcome message, the logotpe and text boxes for login with an "enter" button.
and another button to register.

Clicking on register:
The frame opens a message asking whether the user want to register as customer or barber. with two buttons(select button box)
and a button to Go back.
When the user select, the fields correspondent to the option chosen will be shown on screen, and the button to submit as well.

Clicking on register me: A message will be shown informing if the registration was successfull or not.
if wasn't a button to go back will be shown, if successful, another button with same label  but to go to login page.
--

Login as barber:

A screen with today's date, a table showing the first 10 to 20 entries in the hairdresser's calendar will be shown with all slots.
There'll be buttons to navigate to past and future.
and button for logout(go back to login section) and messages.

Table content and interaction:
A slot can be in 7 states; 
1 -Available to be set, with text boxes and a V or X.
2 - Unavailable, if pressed X, but can (deleted to the first state).
3 Set as available to a Costumer waiting schedule (can be deleted).
4 Set as reserved by an costumer, waiting for confirmation (can be deleted) (if pressed X, it goes to the second state)
5 - Confirmed, waiting for status confirmation after theservice.
6 -confirmed with status update as Done
7 - confirmed with status update as no show
-

messages:
opens a "email-like" environment, with sender's name, subject and date.
an "open" button to open the selected message.
and a "go back" button that opens the main barber screen.
or write a message.

If a message is open,the message content and title will be shown.
With button to answer or delete a message.

If Write a message or reply is clicked, a screen asking for name or e-mail and a text boxes for title and content, ( try to auto-fill the destiny if it's a reply).

Login as Customer.

the screen with welcome message and a menu with buttons to:
Search hair dresser, View appointments, submit feedback, messages and logout.

-In search hairdresser, the screen show tree text boxes to enter search data: name and location and a "go" button to search, everything will be optional.
A table will be shown with the information inserted filtered or, if no information entered, every available slots will be shown ( around  7 per page). At the end of the table there'll be navigation buttons to future,  past, submit or go back to main menu.
Submition button pressed the screen show a text box informing the slot was submitted, or in case no slot was selected or another problem ocurred, an error message.
and two buttons: "Back to main menu" and "make another appointment".

-in view appointments a table will be shown informing name, location,  date/time scheduled and whether it was accepted or not by the hairdresser.
and three buttons, Cancel appointment(delete the selected appointment), make an appointment(goes to search hairdresser), and back to main menu (goes back to main menu).

-Submit feedback opens a form with four text boxes: 
name(mandatory), location(mandatory), date(optional) and a comment section.
and two buttons: Back to main menu(goes back to menu) and Submit (goes to a message informing wheter it was successfully submited or not and two buttons: Send us another feedback(goes back to submit feedback) and go back to main menu ( goes back to main menu).

-messages: same environment explained in barber.




